So, all of a sudden, you do my doctor work
or wherever you want to handle these results.
So, I'm at my salary.
I'm happy about that.
Ferrari is working in our company because of our website.
I did the DQ products at Optic for all of our
developed products.
We call customer Danny.
And then, all of a sudden, you drive.
Ferrari, that I was a senior,
a governor of a different company called STORMAT,
which was an FBI for authentication and authorization for the L.A.
So, I spent my career in this industry.
And our team was a company that came out of the tailgate.
We were trying to build a cycle of liability
that could diagnose the error in the server environment
and help you do mediation.
And discovered the hard way that that was very difficult.
Because we had to give ourselves super user access
to all of the servers that gave you the storage
and that wasn't going to work.
And we discovered the hard way that they were invented
in an consistent way.
And then, we used scope to delegate user authorization.
And when they invented a way of saying,
a canonization about the procedure
to perform this action on these resources.
And so, we built that.
And then, really, a lot of people saw
a much bigger problem than that sort of thing.
And we just now learned how to create a solution
which is an action to runtime.
And that's a huge amount of that.
And we'll also point out when we,
most people, really go run through theي
Soyست producers,
so now we've got what we can do
with Nagra operators in the Android BuilderNet.
They're deals to business systems and securities.
Okay.
I was asked I'm not Steve?
I was asked why, working ontx
The question beforehand was sort of,
like, what's changed about the other
answered?
As the question started, we're just,
So, we can kind of all the same thoughts about how the security, etc., a lot of that is different all the same.
Well, the question that we're looking at a lot today, right, is it's, can you give a cow or a cow or something like Greek cow?
It's a tool that they can possibly call a grommet or crazy red, and how do you avoid it to use hundreds or a cow?
It's a tool, back and forth.
So, I'm really good.
I'm great and you all, and I'm a senior deputy of the program, I'm a director of the program.
I manage all the research that I'm on.
The link is, probably, as I will see you, and I'm going to be improved and now I'm going back to the resolution.
So, as this is mentioned, the MCP's have evolved a lot in the past years.
Like, I will be focusing more on the structure and background in this time, because that is how they know what we do at the program.
I will be focusing on the program.
We are in the industry, in the industry.
We are in this industry, and we work with the people of us.
I was thinking more about what kind of problems we need, and I'm about integrating into these projects from there.
And we're talking about food.
Hi, I'm Ralph.
I'm a technical engineer, and I'm a PhD in software.
I was in Australia.
I had to attend 100,000 studies in the industry.
I was right around that school.
I was in the industry, and I'm probably down in about 300,000 studies.
Ralph.
We could do that on the scale.
How would we think, how would you think, telling the industry that needs to be useful, and how do you do that?
So, thinking the first question, let's talk about the scale that this piece is operating to even contextualize who works with us.
So, how would we be able to see how many ages are you working on, and how many NCP services are you working on, and how much are you working on?
I mean, I don't like the whole list number, a couple days ago.
Some of them are 2500 distinct agents, but it's achieved a little bit because a lot of that is development work, and stuff that's just being irradiated on.
Doing all sorts of things, you know, are you in front of a bunch of agents that will spot chips to our customers, to do stuff like that's our agents that help the public in terms of.
For instance, two servers, you know, we take a strategy that we focus on, a single server, we use both everything as a single server.
So, we have a single server that packs all 3,000 of those tools, and I can talk at some point, maybe not a lot of you.
So, yeah, but all, you know, 3,500 distinct agents use different compositions of those 3,000 tools on that single server.
Yes, we have a, from Q to 1, we have like 150 agents, they can happen when we're in sub-edits, but for now we have about 4 to 5, 16 agents.
I mean, because we work in infrastructure, we work in infrastructure.
I know that you want to provide any number of agents, a little bit more critical about making sure our infrastructure is stable.
And we've been able to get into the, we have about 12 or 13 entities in Russia.
So, I don't know, I think that I've got a lot to do with the plan after all games.
And, I think this is the first act, so this is a little bit of our general plan.
So, Russ, I think it's not all online, but I also have some amazing agents, so we have 5,000 of these agents available.
And, we're working on improving in terms of those.
So, I think we're going to use this in the second one.
So, the first statistic in the previous tool for my customer is, my company is expecting to rebuild their agents.
Absolutely. Technology is getting better, closer and better.
It will be the same thing, it will be related to some time.
So, I think that's the reason we can believe in just a single entity, so I think we actually have two.
We've got one, we're particularly nice, and one, we're going to take those to customer basements.
And then, multiple of us are pulling the agents out on your phone.
So, when you were first building, you were extra in the agents.
So, basically, it's a piece of paper.
For all of the data challenges that you manage, you and that you're struggling with.
So, the biggest one, you're actually getting into trusted, I would say.
You build this tool, you test it, you make it back to your day life, right?
The way you lost that, you build something out, you can tell it, you validate it, try it out.
And then, the customer comes back with that.
It doesn't work just on that one little edge case over there.
It's missing the fact that it's here.
So, getting adoption is the last thing.
Helping you go through those data.
And how do you manage to show the value to it?
So, a lot of factors for building that story, building that show.
But also, netting the customer's roots is where they're at.
The way you have access to the customers, giving it that they want.
So, it's actually as bad as it is.
Well, I'll go back.
Is it through MCT?
And I'm going to go and call you to tool two.
R&C here.
So, the development of during an MCT isn't having very good other settings.
They could just go, they could call you.
Maybe you can tell me what's going on in the MCT set.
For me, that's the nicest way I have to use already.
That's what you also have.
But, internally, it's a customer-based issue.
I'm a customer-based inside.
What are some of the security issues you're going to?
And then, you might tell me where I'm going to.
Obviously, security today will probably go up as a lot of areas.
The big one.
You know, we sort of have two different subjects here.
We have a customer-based agent that we're not working on.
We operate the client.
It's a little easier in that case because, you know, the client is well.
We trust it.
You can do various things on a client's end when we're making the full-ball
to ensure that the user's identity and that you have the agent's identity as well.
Or, you know, we're going to take the union out.
What do we believe this agent should be able to end this user?
This gets a lot trickier for external entities, stuff like that.
When people love, by the way, you know, I think a lot of other platforms are discovering that people love
being able to interact with themselves or not.
Not really.
You should be clear, to be honest.
When you say external entities, you're talking about specific issues that are being pulled in from a third party.
I'm talking about an entity server that needs shit.
But that are integrated with a first-party integration, then call it.
Call it.
Call it desktop.
Try to be generous.
Things like that.
Or you don't control it.
You don't control the agent.
You don't control the agent.
Exactly.
That's maybe two-halves.
Those are a lot trickier.
For the most part, we've dealt with this problem by just accepting that one.
What the user can do in the application is also what the user can do in the agent.
And limiting just the scope of what you're comfortable exposing to MCP.
And so recommending that it's done by us.
Right here.
Let me see that often also when we talk about it.
Where one of the patterns that they accept is that the agent is going to act on that.
They're going to act as the user.
When they're working on separation.
What happens when the agent hallucinates and does the wrong tool call?
Can you distinguish between what the agent did and what the user was trying to do?
Or are our first brain equations we can because we go sort of the source of that information?
Yeah.
Well, and even we can just look at, you know, for cloud code, I guess we offer specific integration points.
So we can look at things like just the user agent and the source of the traffic.
But that's pretty weak in force.
And obviously, so this is a good, I think, a tricky problem.
Like one of the things that we see even internal developers using MCP is that in the age of age,
I will work around anything that they can.
I call it is just like a ridiculously tenacious client.
And so the reality is that it's very hard to differentiate between the user's permission and the agent's permission.
Because if we jump into MCP and start with the permission, the users will find a way
to do the thing and get their user credentials by the API anyone.
And so in a lot of cases, by limiting the MCP, you're just sort of moving the problem,
shifting the family, and thinking back to what the location where it's harder to discover,
it's harder to understand.
So our preference has been to just sort of accept the difficulty,
logging on it to the best of our really, and then after all that existence in place,
don't forget things, don't argue with things.
And I'm very curious how about some of these shows.
You know that, there are a couple of women on the system.
So you're using our largely as a term.
And largely as a product in the air, it's our boss.
Interly as a term, in very game, literally as long as you run into a container.
Yeah, so actually I was pretty good at it.
So, good things about it.
You know, Steve, you're kind of an MCP.
You know, I have a normal scheduling in your entire account.
And somehow, there's something called as a notification policy in your account.
And that takes me because I'm a kind of notification policy for our production for you.
And how is it in my opinion, was that I wrote seven hours.
First, it was said three, said two, and probably we got one in nine, three, four, five, so one.
So the point is that we're still, like, how are production systems, who are configured in service accounts?
Do different kind of older-level applications?
And how do we define as configured?
That's not, either really, sometimes, engineering around it, to make sure that it's an agent tech-agentic related.
But because, how service accounts are configured in the plan, I guess,
it puts MCP natively.
So, what we found out was that there was an MCP call, which was made by someone in a different person.
And I didn't even know that I had dialed a notification policy.
And later on, we figured out, okay, this is not the way back how it was created.
So, we have called it why separately the plan of Twitter, or separately the plan of server.
So, we have a different Twitter's, different teams, and different server's, compared to teams.
So, this is how, like, that's how I meant for me.
I put this in order, number of agents or skills.
I put this in more of criticality.
So, there is no particular vocation, the thought skills, which comes in and in with all kind of APS,
that should be focusing on.
One of the different people is not even care about that.
They didn't care about that, because they didn't write that to me, right?
So, what they can do is, they can ask us to figure that out.
They didn't do the kind of data.
I need to be able to mean, I need to make all this work for server's time.
I'm curious.
All three of you have also discussed how they're using search accounts.
And then, my presumptions from this conversation and obviously prior practice together,
that's a very common pattern that you would recommend.
Where are you running into the limitations of your concerns with the search account?
One of the biggest questions we're working on is like,
for our survey agents, you have an incident going on.
We have multiple people speaking to that agent.
You have just the old, to the agents, and it serves account.
Multi-galactic as a principle of speaking to the agents,
and wanted to take action, it doesn't have conditions.
So, do I have to go up and do it manually myself?
Well, that's really annoying.
But conversely, do I, just because I'm speaking to the agent,
do I want the union?
It's also speaking to the agent.
I have the same conditions as I have,
because I'm part of this resolution.
So, there's also interesting questions there.
How do you manage this?
In combination, I feel it's just an agent's conditions and the user's conditions.
But the biggest thing we manage when we go to customers,
every customer we ask about this seems to have a different opinion
about what they want.
So, there's no point in asking about knowing this is what we can do right.
Because some people,
not the first step, other people,
that's not exactly what we can do more.
So, how we can make sure we can figure out all this,
one of the big questions we have with these customer-facing agents.
Now, yeah, if I'm to paraphrase whatever you say is,
the one of the problem for certain types of kids,
who has access to the subject,
and that person's security won't go in them.
But then, the flip side is one of the problems.
How do I get in a high security environment?
No, I don't need any of this stuff.
So, I'm curious for you,
what do you, what do you, what do you need to learn,
with your strengths and strengths?
We have who may specify,
because I have some things to be about giving anybody any information about this stuff.
So, now we have those,
some kind of building,
and some things that is,
so if anybody gets us a seven-year-old,
and we might be able to go back in time,
and then do the back on the building.
So, what you're saying is,
ultimately, it's our same channel,
and we just reduce the scope of the same problem.
And so,
the series is kind of here,
it's different, so it's kind of here.
It's the same issue, but now it's a small one.
What's kept, all three of you,
from work for your organizations,
from being able to give,
the general employee base,
more agents,
and entity access,
to the river business systems.
Light your own CRM,
and your own communities,
and you know,
you can give it to that,
the most part.
So, I mean, I think that,
reminding you of some accounts,
they're actually doing trick-air,
that just like,
what are the possible data
that we give you packs here, right?
And so, you can get off the island right,
and it will still be data
in very fascinating ways.
We're usually going to share
the outputs from the AI
to all cases.
So, sharing is a big thing for us,
but let's say,
if you do integrate this AI system
with your organization now,
or your Slack,
or whatever you're applying to,
just shared a conversation transcript,
which may mean that
text is a conversation that
doesn't leave their DX.
But if someone,
we, you know,
be included with our transcript,
and for a tool call there,
and all of the third result in that tool call,
was, you know,
a HR conversation,
really would definitely,
yes, right.
A credit card number,
yeah, something went down, right?
So, you can see the conversation,
they give some context,
where we believe that our information is correct,
and everything is correct,
but they've used it,
and they've used it to us to share it,
but sharing another product,
Google Doc, or something.
But it's often a lot less obvious in AI systems,
than it wouldn't be in Google Docs.
I mean, users did this in Google Docs too.
That's great.
But it's definitely really tricky
for AI systems.
So, the AI system,
it's really hard to do that.
It's set from the AI.
So, I personally would be like,
there's not a problem in that.
It's an AI system,
and we are using,
we are using the ATA,
you know, stuff.
The data structure,
I think any problem,
even since I,
I mean, it says tool,
engineering,
engineering,
yes, so,
it's very often,
the tools really use some of our tools.
We know that even the security teams
are going to live with this,
because of this risk of data leakage,
it's just about easier for it to happen.
There's also,
for some of our internal tools,
there are areas about hardware,
state of energy,
and capabilities,
I can use them to see the best things for farmers,
for example.
And if that's the next step,
I want to do everything,
so, again, obviously,
if all the internal components
is taken down by,
well, we need to develop,
they're using engines,
we have a big problem.
So, we need to build this up carefully,
to look at how we can build up the dollar,
build up the actions,
as we do it.
We'll say, providing the tool needed to,
and I go wrong,
but thank you very much.
Thank you all for the time.
Thank you all for the time.
Thank you all.
Thank you all.
Thank you all.
Thank you all.
Ladies and gentlemen,
with the approach to the stage,
we welcome the director of product management,
and I apologize to that,
reading central.
This is my honor,
thank you all.
Thank you all.
Thank you all.
Thank you all for the time.
Thank you all.
Thank you all.
Thank you all.
Bye everyone.
Looks like I may seem to best run the last.
Okay, so,
Hi everyone, I'm my idea of product technical technical
and Hi,
I was, I counted my own money with credit for it,
where I got to autonomous AI agents,
and these were agents for it.
And these agents were responsible for making
your own money in the city.
So these were not just their own agents,
but people who were like, these were agents that worked
with real money, the real value of this.
And in this talk, I went to talk about how I got
this money to be to move on.
The architecture patterns that survive production.
The failure moves.
And also the architecture patterns that
transmit real value to this money, and so on.
