All right, now we're talking about the interest of the O of 10 billion ages,
like the R2, yeah, R3, I don't think it's right there yet,
but there's a little bit of interest.
And then how much more could we load before it's $100 million,
so does it, really?
Like, that represents orders of magnitude more scale,
a more K-dunder management, more exhaust,
more transactions per second.
And so this is a calm, how many load calls
and every agent's doing a lot more work.
So, when you look at the history of K-dunder management,
and the amount of transactions per second
that are handled by the system,
it's been very close to 10x every 10 years, 10x per decade.
And that's been a very steady growth trend.
They don't allow all of the systems to keep pace.
How many DCP and DCP you're going to do about it?
Which means how much can one work a day
with Android?
Memory is on an SSD drop.
And generally, right now, I would say
that all of human traffic is still
quite a bit larger than all of the agent's traffic.
And it's not true on any individual basis,
kind of, one worker, but true across the aggregate.
Now, the question is, how much more quickly
than 10 years are we going to get at that?
And I think the conservative destination
is somewhere around $1.30, where
the agent traffic puts a student traffic,
I think, a little more realistically,
somewhere like $1.27, maybe $1.28, somewhere like $1.30.
And then the crazy thing is that's an x and say,
reunified network.
What will the next kind of answer the one year?
And this has profound limitations for all of the working
billion and also the cost.
This is a first time competing history
that machines are going to be driving
binary forces around low-income status people.
So all given the structure that we've been built on
is that we'll be back in India.
And this is the end.
Take the pilot, right?
Even the year of human, then the time of humans
has been passed on from the global billion world.
In 2005, I actually started to show
some of the structural strain in the system.
We saw a huge average of it, Google, the AWS,
the Microsoft, a lot of other different scene
and it's our best way to get into this.
And these are fundamental patterns that are starting to emerge.
And all of the passing planning assumptions
are going to be great because we're going to keep
an upkeep and keep this low from the session-based access
to exhaustive upon this period pattern.
No human case of all means the machines
being a system pounding.
The next frame is going to show up
or at the core, then at the end.
Like there is no real trouble
if you're scaling out state and surfaces
that are, you know, under the grip group.
The bottleneck is the system of the record
and the connected tissue that joined them
for example, in like a massive existence
and pops up between.
Consistency, durability, resilience,
the core records under extraordinary elastic scale.
This is, these are the new strengths.
There's no surge that's going to subside.
I'm just going to be a certain concert, concert.
And extra teaching points, but it's actually done by a turn.
You probably see some of the quotes in these slides
down at the bottom.
This is from a survey of 1,000 IT executives
in professional, across the industry.
We've just did it earlier this year.
It's called the state of AI, up to 1026.
And 63% of leaders are saying that their leadership
is fundamentally underestimating the stress
that they're expecting to come
on the AI level on the first round.
This is a big one that I think this is
some of our major aircraft around
what an exponential fundamental need.
What's interesting is that AI's making building software
nearly free as that is covered on our opportunity to be.
I think it has not yet been building infrastructure
relatively free.
And if it is you have to try to build
any kind of large scale or a scalable system
and you make all the right architectural decisions
kind of way we use to build things.
And you move down to this agenda code
and you're using Focus 4.7 to create a system.
Here, it's kind of shocking how well it goes.
And it's also kind of shocking how poor
it's architectural decisions all.
They're actually ruined because they can pound
and toss with those things.
So it actually has turbo-dubment
from building the distributed system.
And these are architectural barriers
that some decades to get ready.
Our first thing needs to banner,
it's also these are magical technologies
come with a more common.
Because what's interesting is we're living
in a little bit forever right now.
I think there's a gap of some number of years,
it might be one year, it might be three years,
somewhere you can see.
Where the system is these AI systems
that we're using to build a software
and light speed, they can't yet build
the infrastructure underneath them.
And I've got a little quote.
And there is a period right now
where it's going to be kind of easy
to work on kind of technology
and to run a magical light speed with the AI today.
So that is an interesting thing now.
I think the world is building all the data
that we've got.
Nobody wants to build the data block better
to build one, right?
So you know, you know, you don't really want to take
the time to create a built-in system.
And that is the right thing, because eventually
AI will build a built-in system.
But if you're building on a full technology,
model that takes basic technology,
you're actually going to have an architecture
that's going to have a multiple-footed
of cost in terms of the compounding friction
and drag, you think you're going to get
from having something that can't scale your success.
I didn't know that was going to work, sorry, guys.
So, yeah, I'm just going to, like I said,
I thought it's going to be an analysis.
What's going to happen when you haven't
looked on the regular infrastructure?
See, start and put pressure in the main system.
It's a great business to start,
but there isn't one on the main system.
You have to run a main system, use your skill,
they get in front of you, and you're getting
an interesting hit of wall.
Like your customers, what's the big deal
with customers to be eating a thing
on a single note any while?
So you're asking for voting, and you ask for a visit
to solve your policies, no problem.
I can make any skill here, you're thinking
it's not making sure of it.
Think of an application to wear it.
I mean, if I answered your short quote,
then you say, you know what?
I don't actually send queries across people.
No problem, but they'll do it very later.
So actually, we can just see across the show.
And, okay, no problem, they'll do the script
and talk to you.
This is the pattern that's been going on for literally
three decades in the industry.
Everyone's doing building these systems,
not flying systems, like particles,
and it's just in the first place.
I want you to actually address your AI
and go to a format that's distributed in a daily way.
And you're going to spend years trying to laugh at them.
I don't think you've been survived at all.
And the weird, cruel irony right now
is that they don't need to start your vote, though.
You can actually start on a distributed database.
All those of you who've seen the complexity
that might have made that a little bit too unfamiliar,
and I just need to get started back.
If you let AI run the database for you,
and help you with the design decisions,
and help you debug its vote barrier,
and understand any dodgy, graphic, lady's,
or something like that,
because they're also getting a building that's survived at all.
Regional algorithms are going to be amazing,
and you can have a lot of security to vote for.
Those things are almost as free now.
You can ask the AI to build on proper processes
you can ask it to build on purpose,
which I know people that can build a AI memory system.
And I actually build proper originally
started working on it,
because I wanted to use it for my next project.
And I have to go to a level here
and you'd be surprised to get that done next project,
because it's like nobody's supposed to build new things.
And it basically doesn't have a nice,
out-of-the-step project, not an operator.
AI could run it, and it runs very markedly in love,
and it has been kind of low in seconds,
even though none of it has ever worked,
because it's been out there for years,
where it's available for 11 years,
because of all of these models that we've ran out of.
So, I'll say this also,
if you start on a model of the database,
that gets built into your code base,
into every line, into your steam,
into all the assumptions,
the fact that you've been in,
for example, a bunch of serial queries,
where you ask the database to do something,
and that finishes the database to something again.
Those kinds of assumptions don't fold out
when you want to supply a regional algorithm,
because you're going to have to do that,
play the CD, play every single one of those.
But if you start the right way,
then you actually are building different assumptions
into every line, but that kind of literally means
is that on my version,
to a more capable set of infrastructure,
you need to have a full feedback.
Because this is easier to do a full feedback,
and it's ever done,
but that's not something you want to do,
when your business is taking off,
and you're getting a massive success right in.
So, the re-trying to find a message,
we've made it pop up to pop up because it's survival.
The resiliency is always got our number one differentiator,
quite a couple of times,
the true emission critical workload
in your database state,
I feel about pop up.
But the interesting thing is,
the higher the concern is,
it's probably not going to be shifting now.
This big wave of data pressure that's coming,
they scale up a huge constraint,
that's ultimately the one that's going to be
to find how architecture is part of my year.
So, the interesting thing is that both give resilience
and their fundamental elastic skill ability,
they're still on the same level
on the premise,
which is a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot,
a commodity partner, a chain together,
and not even just in the same graph,
or the same data center, but across facilities,
across abilities, and across regions,
even across cloud vendors.
Now, the interesting and uncomfortable part
of the process is a database vendor,
is that we are seeing as a premium to the expensive,
and we have it.
We've got it to the premium product,
and it's expensive.
It's expensive, in terms of not much hardwareing,
we're triplicating the data,
we've got networking costs,
egress, and egress,
and we're going across cloud vendors,
this is all very expensive, plus.
This complex disease,
and I said before,
it kind of dissolved that complexity now in the AI,
and we just passed it,
the higher people that could understand these things,
that was probably one of the biggest costs
in your total cost of my year.
Now, what's really interesting here is that,
if you know the cost of intercostals,
you could cross all very hard-to-do things,
like if you're running on your workloads,
you're running on those kinds of things,
and we have two to three X scale
that are living depends on what you have.
They operate a bigger machine,
they're going to go for 32,
they're super easy things, whatever it is.
That's a test of time scale,
that's available right now.
We're talking about 10 X in short,
and then 100 X,
and what happened there,
and of course, what happened to the expensive database there?
And this is the unhappened report,
like, who wants to spend 100 times more on the database?
And that's other questions for customers.
So you have to make databases less expensive,
and that is where a huge amount of our effort
and innovation has gone.
Last year, we actually doubled the amount of performance
you get out of the same hardware and software.
This year we're actually building an EBS class
to screen the storage substrate,
and it's like the purpose built for software
is home on EBS,
and that's how 10 X is the throughput,
and then it can go to latencies,
and actually class is passed by about 70 percent.
We think we can double the performance
on a certain hardware spend, again, in X here.
So you add those other multi-multiposite fixtures,
that's about a 12 X decrease in the cost.
Why is this possible?
It's fundamentally the distributed architecture.
The same thing that gives you the ability to do
these kind of outside and the scales and the resilience,
is actually the same thing where you can act,
you can talk about incredible efficiencies.
When you think about aging starts,
this is actually an area where you want the database
to be used in the last couple of turns
of how it's time you use work.
Our first aging server was like six years ago,
but this is a very core concept.
You want all of the scale.
You want that actually get all of the area in your server.
The agent is not busy for a day,
or a little way for a month, and then it comes back.
You want a little scale to do it
that's impossible nothing to run.
Because you want them to actually, every enterprise,
wants to run probably a million digits,
in several years.
I was saying that nonprofits can be used
to be used to be used to substrate the
enterprise, and in about two months,
our five-year-old person company,
that wants to have a thousand applications,
because this agent substrates,
it goes to be out of the issue.
A thousand applications, combined with people,
and all of them have run properties.
And as properties are just server-assisted,
it's used in one of the physical properties.
They cost them back as it is actually negligible
for an aging worker.
That is the case for millions of databases,
and the database out, by every enterprise.
That's where the world's going to run.
So there's three locations here.
Costs of this is when they determine
the fundamental winners in the industry.
If it's the standard that's what she does,
people will figure out how to do that transaction.
Because the cost of the 10x, and then the 100x,
is going to be yours.
Also, we only load as velocity.
Now, I'm saying all these great things about Docker,
but the reality is, the switching costs,
everything are going down.
And so, if you're innovating, you have to put that on my screen.
This is for a new on-loss idea,
and it is absolutely right there in the age of AI.
And in front of us, we have a system
of reveriastic and non-indosable, being indestructible.
This is probably the most important
in the meeting under appreciating faster.
I would even think today is not absolute,
but it's pretty in physical basis.
So, people are out of this meeting,
this another report last year,
where we're asking people about the cost of a downtime.
And the number for it, I will.
And now we're down on it.
So, some companies are looking at the dollar.
They're customers that are like that.
So, that actually is only going in one direction.
That the total IT dependence,
when you're replacing human critical human workload,
with automated features, is near-assuming.
If your Rachel's can't handle work,
your company is not running that bad.
I wasn't going to talk about it,
because it isn't just the development sense
law that they have, it's the brand recommendation
as switching costs for down people
over the different circles.
It's very important that these things correct.
So, it wasn't getting carried over here.
I think the most consequential decision
is what model is it, right?
I think everyone already has problems
with it, and lots of model.
If you're tiering it,
you're figuring out the right device
for which is the capability.
But it's probably going to be a lot of power.
That's a kind of a disadvantage.
The foundation is either going to carry you through
exponential success,
or it's going to force your read-writing.
And now read-writing has come to a worse possible moment
for your person.
And with modern AI,
building tools complexity differences
between distributed and the model
that make the whole place even new,
that's collapsed.
1.0, yeah, the best direction is headed.
And starting right is actually a three month right now.
It really doesn't cost you that much.
Starting over can cost you everything
that does the worst possible moment.
So this is really a challenge
to build your foundation on raw, non-standard.
The next era of elements is paramountry.
It's going to be not limited by the model for where it goes.
It's actually going to be abundantly
to help proceed.
And some of the harder improvements,
and we're talking about shoulders of magnitude.
So we're going to go,
we'll see,
I don't know if you can start with some of the money to see.
What the implementation is,
whether it's a sharp or a survival or a success,
that's not bad.
Thank you very much.
It's a pleasure.
Applause.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome Senior Software Engineer, EIT,
from Circle CI, Ryan Hamilton.
Thank you.
Applause.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Thank you, everybody.
Please sit down for a part of the time.
So.
